Update FSDP tutorial (#2116)
pytorch/tutorials: intermediate_source/FSDP_tutorial.rst

1.2  Import necessary packages

.. note::

>     This tutorial is intended for pytorch versions 1.12 and later. If you are using 1.11 or earlier, replace all instances of `size_based_auto_wrap_policy` with `default_auto_wrap_policy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This tutorial is intended for PyTorch versions 1.12 and later. If you are using an earlier version, replace all instances of `size_based_auto_wrap_policy` with `default_auto_wrap_policy`.
```
